L5 - Shiny

Using the dataset womensroles from the HSUAR package, answer the following questions.

How does the level of education influence the responses of men?

How does the level of education influence the responses of women?

How do the responses of women compare to the responses of men?

Why do you think this is?

After exploring the data, build an interactive web page that allows the user to ask these questions of the data as well.
You'll do this by building a Shiny application that allows the user to specify what kind of data they want to see on a plot.
You'll include a way for the user to select just men's responses, women's responses, or both, as well as the level of education.

To begin, create a new Shiny document in RStudio. Previously you had to make two R files and have them communicate, 
but now through the power of science and technology you can stay in one file (although this has organizational consequences).

After making the Shiny app, you'll see that there are two functions, ui and server. In each of these functions you specify what 
you want the user to interact with (ui) and what will be shown depending on what they choose (server).

Since the ui handles what the user sees, make sure you call whatever your output function is named (from server) in the main panel 
section of ui (you can see this relationship in the example code R supplies when you open a shiny document).

Similarly, to access your input values from ui in server, you have to access them by their inputID (input$whateveryoucalledyourinput).

Create a selectInput in ui where the user can select either Men, Women, or Both. 
Create a selectInput in ui where the user can select if they Agree or Disagree.
Creat a sliderInput in ui where the user can select the level of education.

In server, consider what the user is selecting, modify the dataset accordingly, and create one plot that responds to the users parameters.

Make sure everything has purposeful and meaningful labels - lots of whatever$column in the homework assignment!

Using the data you calculated in the beginning, create a report to go along with your graph, explaining the context of the graph, 
highlighting interesting statistics, and drawing a conclusion about the data.

BONUS: Figure out a way to show both Agree and Disagree on the same plot.